I spoke of my beauty gupta that back
for madrid one of the characters of a
four years
although there for here one more mission and
one in this mission is your west end de let
I also do not think I'm wrong
which is there in the name of the video that can
a cut per squid in case they get each
police are the police beat de roque
grandson kill everyone up for the team
get here I get the car zero
If you do not want to, you're looking for
england picks up a police car
now I'm going to shoot bullet, do not get the
her car said tirone searched is
blank you are the code will allow the
police
It's just you little comments that I
I passed on to you fully
for paulo liked soon discarded by
that we are required siren is to form
the car and take the thorn to accuse me
So let's call the group now.
This time I managed to use two
If you saw up to the mission you know that
It's just that he died in this story.
but it's the beginning now there
Now we have to attack the computer.
police is releasing now remember that
do that a long time ago
the governor is going to get the dance floor
I'll cut the video and I'll return
I will say that now is a cut is because
I was not supposed to remember what to do but now
already discovered that they are worth seeking
social issues and not here to get the name
and writes reads ribas
come on
lincoln and silva
do not even live that way
now we are going to give ends and seek
back there ridges blocão trafficking
drugs
okay so now we have to go there
we pass back to say let's put
again lino thinks he gave this shit
Let's write this shit again
captions on behalf of bostas the tie now
admit to their house we do not have to
press the to locate on the radar
I had not had a tight year so she
now it has appeared there and we are going to the house
of fibers
I was not reminded of this military mission.
because everyone who does not even get involved
the guys will be there too and say that
in this video from next Video
decanato gta4 will be recorded and
playstation 3 be because i go
try to gta 4 thousand xbox 360 kits and
playstation 3 is because it already has two to
Expansion of the xbox in the normal room, right?
so I'll train and detect but it's the
same thing of the same thing will change with
this expression that we are going to see what
get out of the police car
he deals with drug trafficking we are
so much so that it determines to determine the
make it so the mission does not celeste the team
it's no longer when he saw it was he leaves
occurs through the window
so we have to go after it with kill
I can not get this indication wrong.
to the police
come on
shit but I'm here I'm here today
Are you as a coach?
It bears fruit and can not fail to
assume get out of the fucking front
every time that few police register
in his car seat forever
Let's go on the street.
Let's try to be financial.
I'm looking at all this gun up I
could have completed more taboos or
even equated to get married increase
helping us
Let's try low on the back of
he spoke to me
our old is calacans 6.1 home caught
fire in the car along with his wagner
the shots in his car until he got
fire and exploded
usually there is a video of a like
most favorite will help me a lot in
evaluation in the favorite disclosure alves
also do not forget to write in the
channel for those who do not written to
losing the next to nothing was worth until
here he spoke
and I went